[Music]
I don't really know this This is a
risky sport what we're going to do
now I mean after listening to Eva
let's listen to Cristina Cárdenas
okay
Cristina 26 years later
what do you want to tell Rocío
come on man how are you going to start
crying to this Mimi you haven't found
the extract I mean let's see This girl ca
n't start crying after she's
been doing this
and we're going to mess things up
no there's nothing bad this this this this
[Music]
1 2 Freddy is coming for you
[Laughter]
But how are they going to handle these witnesses
as something credible I
mean but like I mean I know a thousand and
Pineda at least was better
But this is already tremendous no I mean this
is not having that respect none eh for
themselves eh I already
told you with Eva you forgot that
Mimi have you found the extract
tell me Carmen daughter I don't understand
assuming she didn't lie What does it matter
if it's not a crime of course  No no that's what
Eva said no kidding what
Eva said is that okay it's four
Close the door 5 6 take the crucifix
Ah important important what I'm going to
explain to you now important the point that I'm
going to explain to you now
lamentable you're scaring you'll
never sleep again
[Music]
[Laughter]
really man I mean I don't know I don't
know man This is too much it
's a comedy show man I don't
even think it's a challenging series
of all that they've put on man I mean
simply the level okay the level of the
docu-series Yesterday there was a video of Juan
Carlos
who weeks before had been accusing
Fidel of taking cocaine Fidel of touching
Rocío Flores at night crazy things
okay And now they're carrying it Look this is
very simple what I'm going to explain to you
now I was also commenting on it I don't know
if in a video or live yesterday but I
was thinking not about this tape
let's imagine that this tape really
imagine that this tape really
contains audio of an argument between
Rocío and Antonio David and you can hear
Antonio David  were attacking
Rocío imagine that Okay imagine if
that were true
why don't they show the tape
why don't they show
that tape they can perfectly well show
the only one who could report and it is a
tape of a private audio Yeah okay But in
a bad way the only one who could report
would be Antonio David
change the title of the live call it
lada immense they are unknown the one who
said this is reading like very
strange today not the unknown dimension it
seems like she is reading in another language
right she pronounces very badly but
what I already do Yeah I would have been in
court but imagine apart from the
court
apart from the court
publish the [ __ ] tape publish the
[ __ ] tape
what can happen if
the tape really has that content it
is an audio that was recorded in private
and at most Antonio David could report
for right to privacy for a crime
against privacy but let's go what is he going to
achieve
or rather realize one thing also
that I almost forgot that is very
important
if
on that tape there is an audio of Antonio
David mistreating Rocío okay Antonio
David  you can sue them for violating his
privacy
but Antonio David would lose all the
lawsuits
all the lawsuits from everyone who
is calling him an abuser among
them the network itself
no
no Emilio I mean if you show the tape it is
a crime against privacy then we
would have to see if they admit the complaint
process yes yes yes civil law has a
path if the content is
of media importance there is a
conviction one and a conviction okay but
also
if that tape has that content
Antonio David would lose all the
lawsuits he is filing against everyone
there you have the key
if he will respect Eva eh we are half
joking
there you have the key Let's see wait and see
what it is that they sent me
there you have the key I mean if
that tape really has that content put it but
immediately they
sent it to me
to me but they sent me something else that has
nothing to do with it
my same band Mimi what they sent the most I
don't care just kidding just kidding
listen to me
Cristina Cárdenas has the account in
private
Cristina Cárdenas has a
private account, but if I'm not mistaken in the
first one, let's go to my main channel
in one of the first videos
and in one of the first videos that I made
of the docuseries that you know you
have here at hand, my series that I made,
okay, if I'm not mistaken in this one, if I'm not
mistaken in this one, if it's not in the
second one, it's in the one, if it's not in the second one,
in the third one, wait
at least a screenshot So I put, you
know,
at least a screenshot, this one, uh, Look at it, look,
look, this is the video that I always
mention to you. This is the video that I always
mention to you if there's anyone who follows
Cristina Cárdenas or who can see her
Twitter, look for it, or rather, this chick
This chick who is supposed to be
publicly denouncing a
very serious case of gender violence, well, this
chick while she was on television
doing these things with the tape and all that
was recording This video, which is like
a humorous video, saying,
there I go with the car, there I go with the
car that doesn't let me, the press doesn't
let me advance, and now here ahead  a
group of friends is Cristina please an
autograph an autograph you're the one on
TV
This is the video This is the video What a
shame I didn't record the video man I took a
screenshot What a shame I didn't
record the video man I mean look at the
level of credibility these people have the
[Music]
the Witnesses they're using you know
pathetic
[Music]